
http://sjobs.brassring.com/TGNewUI/Search/Home/HomeWithPreLoad?PageType=JobDetails&PartnerId=25037&SiteId=5010&srcqs=%5E6mtujOXJLh1WT281XASbQ3yIM9V4WvhBw6tQofiRw81V4xZf5jmauS7pL9ekPp%2FNKEXJWE9P9f5qdpepKGjxLl_plus_uK9Bj3b%2FetrMxglbWmfrjztIE3lm5fkG3uylxuWhB%2Fqd4DVUZUW%2Fe2sbhLtAJvbTrkcKKrtZSwf9NoGbsQ0chrHLBfJ_plus_c13XguxvmUTjkbZXNGzKpAaofNKaGCecLyxKuP1MqdKa2oncrXy8CMXbksJ4wbtuZHa7SJ9GSkkQ9uVCx_plus_rmBxU_plus_7xfv5KNOjaEG%2FPcuM1bG5Vn3Ifxci6wk_EQ_&jobid=786148
Skip to main content
Job search Sign In
﻿
﻿
﻿
 Share
19-Jun-2025

Systems Architect - Secret Clearance
Rotary and Mission Systems

Alabama, Colorado

689125BR

Basic Qualifications

•A Final Secret Clearance is required
•The candidate should possess an understanding of DoD concepts
•Candidate should possess the ability to be part of an integrated team tasked with defining the operational, physical, functional, and technical architecture necessary to describe the vision and desired capabilities of an evolving C2BMC effort.
•Architecting systems in an environment that leverages existing or COTS/GOTS components with DoD interoperability in mind; identification of desired capabilities, definition of desired capabilities; communicating the desired capabilities to a diverse group of developers, engineers, subject matter experts, and users; and generating architecture artifacts to document and control the achievement of the desired capabilities.
•Candidates should have experience developing system engineering artifacts (e.g. Specifications, Interface Control Documents, Use Cases, System Architecture Descriptions, Trade Studies, etc.)
•Candidates must have experience working in an integrated team environment with other systems, software and specialty engineers to develop solutions.

Job Code/TitleE2604:Systems Architect Stf
Job Description


What We’re Doing
Our team, the Command and Control, Battle Management and Communications (C2BMC) team at Lockheed Martin, is dedicated to engineering, developing, and integrating new capabilities for the Missile Defense System that protects the United States and its allies. While we are part of a large organization, we operate within smaller, agile teams in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. Our responsibilities include Sensor/Weapon Integration, Algorithm Development, User Interface Development, Automated Testing, Cyber Security, and enhancing critical missile defense technologies.

The Work
Candidate will be part of an integrated architecture & systems engineering team, on a multi-company teammate program, tasked with defining the operational, physical, functional, and technical architecture necessary to describe the vision and desired capabilities of an evolving C2BMC effort.

Roles and tasks include: Architecting missile defense command and control and battle management systems in an environment that leverages existing or COTS/GOTS components with DoD interoperability in mind. Analyzing high level needs and through a structured and logical approach refining the need into an integrated set of hardware and software. Identifying & defining desired system capabilities; communicating the desired capabilities to a diverse group of developers, engineers, subject matter experts, and users; and generating architecture artifacts to document and control the achievement of the desired capabilities. Designing and developing new systems, and integrating existing systems. Communicating and interacting with the customer and related system programs, including presenting technical approaches and findings in written and oral form. Leading portions of these activities. Designs, develops and oversees system architectures, including complex systems and systems design activities. Serves as focal point for the development and communication of the system architecture. Ensures conversion of mission requirements into total systems solutions that account for design and technology maturity constraints of the system. Develops systems and system element architecture, design, and interface definition. Supports internal and external design reviews. Maintains knowledge of current and developing technologies and design and analysis methodologies. Develops models and architectural guidelines for current and future system development.

Please Note:
-This position requires a government security clearance; you must be a U.S. Citizen for consideration.
-The role will involve approximately 10% travel to customer sites throughout the U.S.

Who We Are
As leaders of the C2BMC team, Lockheed Martin partners with industry leaders to develop and field the backbone of America’s missile defense. Our national team supports the design, development, testing, integration, and fielding of hardware and software elements essential for the effective operation of the Missile Defense System (MDS). You will have opportunities to interface directly with key customers, including the Missile Defense Agency (MDA).

Who You Are
You are a dedicated professional with a strong background in system engineering and a passion for missile defense technologies. You thrive in collaborative environments and are adept at working under technical direction to implement innovative solutions.

Why Join Us
-Your Health, Your Wealth, Your Life
-At Lockheed Martin, we prioritize the well-being of our employees. We offer flexible schedules, competitive pay, and a comprehensive benefits package to support your healthy, fulfilling life both at and outside of work.

Desired skills

•Knowledge of (C2BMC) architectures and system concepts, mission, and common system test and data analysis techniques.
•Certified architect or equivalent skill level.
•Excellent communications skills desired (written and oral).
•Candidate must possess the ability to exploit that architecture background to assist in the definition of system capabilities and development of architecture artifacts.
•Ability to analyze high level needs and through a structured and logical approach refine the need into an integrated set of hardware and software.
•Ability to lead portions of the activity.
•Able to communicate effectively and clearly present technical approaches and findings.
•Ability to communicate and interact with the customer and related system programs is essential.
•Familiarity with the application and use of systems engineering tools for requirements management and Object Oriented requirements definition (e.g. DOORS) is desired.

Other Important Information

By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.

Ability to work remotely

Part-time Remote Telework: The employee selected for this position will work part of their work schedule remotely and part of their work schedule at a designated Lockheed Martin facility. The specific weekly schedule will be discussed during the hiring process.

Select the Telework classification for this positionEmployee will telework < 50%
Ability to Telecommute

Part time telecommuting

ShiftFirst
Work Schedule Information

Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.

Work Schedule4x10 hour day, 3 days off per week
Security Clearance Information

This position requires a government security clearance, you must be a US Citizen for consideration.

Security ClearanceSecret
LMCareers Business Unit

RMS

ProgramC2BMC
Department

XECTQL:C4ISR Central

Job ClassSystems Engineering: System of Systems Integration
Job Category

Experienced Professional

City, StateCOLORADO SPRINGS-CO, Huntsville-AL
City

COLORADO SPRINGS, Huntsville

Zip35808, 80921
Virtual

no

Relocation/Housing Stipend AvailablePossible
Req Type

Task Order/IDIQ

Direct/IndirectDirect
*

At Lockheed Martin, we use our passion for purposeful innovation to help keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work.

With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel, develop, and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. We place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering an inclusive environment built upon integrity and corporate responsibility.

If this sounds like a culture you connect with, you’re invited to apply for this role. Or, if you are unsure whether your experience aligns with the requirements of this position, we encourage you to search on Lockheed Martin Jobs, and apply for roles that align with your qualifications.

EEO

Lockheed Martin is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified candidates will be considered without regard to legally protected characteristics.
The application window will close in 90 days; applicants are encouraged to apply within 5 - 30 days of the requisition posting date in order to receive optimal consideration.

National Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in California and New York (excluding most major metropolitan areas), Colorado, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey, Vermont, Washington or Washington DC is $118,700 - $209,300. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer.
Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays.
(Washington state applicants only) Non-represented full-time employees: accrue at least 10 hours per month of Paid Time Off (PTO) to be used for incidental absences and other reasons; receive at least 90 hours for holidays. Represented full time employees accrue 6.67 hours of Vacation per month; accrue up to 52 hours of sick leave annually; receive at least 96 hours for holidays. PTO, Vacation, sick leave, and holiday hours are prorated based on start date during the calendar year.
This position is incentive plan eligible.

Premium Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in most major metropolitan areas in California and New York is $131,000 - $227,125. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer.
Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays.
This position is incentive plan eligible.

Apply to Job(s) Save Send to friend
Scroll to top
 © 2018 Lockheed Martin Corporation / Privacy Terms of Use EU DATA PROTECTION NOTICE
 Cookies Infinite Talent Privacy Statement