
http://sjobs.brassring.com/TGNewUI/Search/Home/HomeWithPreLoad?PageType=JobDetails&PartnerId=25037&SiteId=5010&srcqs=%5E6mtujOXJLh1WT281XASbQ3yIM9V4WvhBw6tQofiRw81V4xZf5jmauS7pL9ekPp%2FNKEXJWE9P9f5qdpepKGjxLl_plus_uK9Bj3b%2FetrMxglbWmfrjztIE3lm5fkG3uylxuWhBdA9ZOV90rSsu2KTk2kPZ0GPEfWJWcAEcKNPKn82WunUSlbI3KAGsktBTnNPxXlCMICqy0lqnzLRqFOPRC6iD7SVGhNBrwTlyQBYrG_plus_1KWu4hJqR66ejjrrprdJON07HQAwK2SmGyVHTlYOFqFfKVcwy3ooukq6QbnNOzv8O5ZnY_EQ_&jobid=792864
Skip to main content
Job search Sign In
﻿
﻿
﻿
 Share
11-Jun-2025

Software Engineering Manager, Space Protection Programs
Space

Colorado

695583BR

Basic Qualifications

• Minimum BS degree.
• Experience in software engineering, software leadership, or a related technical discipline in a leadership role.
• Proven experience in full life cycle Software Development
• Excellent verbal and written communication skills
• Proven technical leadership skills with ability to lead a multidisciplinary team
• Experience developing detailed plans in support of technical assignments
• Minimum Clearance Requirement: Active TS/SCI Clearance with Polygraph required to start

Job Code/TitleL1075:Software Engineering Mgr
Job Description

We're seeking an experienced software engineering manager to lead a team of engineers through the entire software development lifecycle of complex Space Flight Software Development programs, from concept to delivery. As a key leader, you will oversee a portfolio of programs, driving the execution of Lockheed Martin Space's strategy and vision within SPP, and ensuring the seamless integration of Enterprise and SPP products to enable on-time, reliable delivery of our systems. The ideal candidate will possess a strong foundation in software engineering, agile methodologies, and team leadership, with a proven track record of ownership, accountability, and collaboration. This role will require close coordination with cross-functional teams, including system engineers, subsystem engineers, program management, and customer stakeholders.

Key Responsibilities:
1. People Leadership:
• Manage and lead a team of software engineers, providing guidance, coaching, and mentoring to ensure successful project execution.
• Foster a culture of innovation, collaboration, and continuous improvement.
• Manage staffing forecasts, make hiring decisions, and lead team performance.
2. Project/Program Leadership:
• Develop and execute project plans, schedules, and budgets, ensuring timely and within-budget delivery of software products.
• Coordinate with system engineers and subsystem engineers to ensure requirements, data, and test case inputs are properly integrated.
• Manage the software problem reporting system and utilize associated metrics for process improvement.
3. Data-Driven Cost & Performance Management:
• Utilize performance data to make informed decisions on timelines, schedule forecasts, and delivery management.
• Manage cost estimates, budgets, and financial forecasting, including support for proposals.
• Identify and mitigate technical, cost, and schedule risks.
4. Agile Leadership:
• Lead the application of agile methodologies, including Earned Value and agile development principles as the Agile Product or Portfolio Owner.
• Manage the execution process business rhythms, utilizing associated metrics as objective evidence of project status and forecasted progress.
• Ensure company command media is followed and advocate for continuous process improvement.

Desired skills

• Prior Spacecraft Flight Software development experience
• Knowledge of embedded systems architectures and test experience using embedded systems.
• Experience making data driven decisions as an Agile Product Owner
• Prior engineering management or project lead experience including task planning, resource management, and employee development and mentoring
• Demonstrated ability to manage complex technical systems/programs
• Experience working in technical teams across multiple locations Integration and test experience with large complex software systems
• Continuous integration experience

#LMSpaceSoftwareEng

Other Important Information

By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.

Ability to work remotely

Onsite Full-time: The work associated with this position will be performed onsite at a designated Lockheed Martin facility.

Select the Telework classification for this positionEmployee will work on-site full-time
Ability to Telecommute

No telecommuting

ShiftFirst
Work Schedule Information

Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.

Work Schedule9x80 every other Friday off
Security Clearance Information

This position requires a government security clearance, you must be a US Citizen for consideration.

Security ClearanceTS/SCI w/Poly
LMCareers Business Unit

SPACE

ProgramSpace Protection Programs (SPP)
Department

72D2A00:Embedded National

Job ClassSoftware Engineering
Job Category

Experienced Professional

City, StateLittleton-CO
City

Littleton

Zip80125
Virtual

no

Relocation/Housing Stipend AvailablePossible
Req Type

Full-Time

Direct/IndirectDirect
*

At Lockheed Martin, we use our passion for purposeful innovation to help keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work.

With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel, develop, and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. We place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering an inclusive environment built upon integrity and corporate responsibility.

If this sounds like a culture you connect with, you’re invited to apply for this role. Or, if you are unsure whether your experience aligns with the requirements of this position, we encourage you to search on Lockheed Martin Jobs, and apply for roles that align with your qualifications.

EEO

Lockheed Martin is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified candidates will be considered without regard to legally protected characteristics.
The application window will close in 90 days; applicants are encouraged to apply within 5 - 30 days of the requisition posting date in order to receive optimal consideration.

National Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in California and New York (excluding most major metropolitan areas), Colorado, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey, Vermont, Washington or Washington DC is $128,400 - $226,435. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer. Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays. (Washington state applicants only) Non-represented full-time employees: accrue at least 10 hours per month of Paid Time Off (PTO) to be used for incidental absences and other reasons; receive at least 90 hours for holidays. Represented full time employees accrue 6.67 hours of Vacation per month; accrue up to 52 hours of sick leave annually; receive at least 96 hours for holidays. PTO, Vacation, sick leave, and holiday hours are prorated based on start date during the calendar year. This position is incentive plan eligible.

Premium Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in most major metropolitan areas in California and New York is $147,700 - $255,990. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer. Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays. This position is incentive plan eligible.

Apply to Job(s) Save Send to friend
 © 2018 Lockheed Martin Corporation / Privacy Terms of Use EU DATA PROTECTION NOTICE
 Cookies Infinite Talent Privacy Statement