
http://sjobs.brassring.com/TGNewUI/Search/Home/HomeWithPreLoad?PageType=JobDetails&PartnerId=25037&SiteId=5010&srcqs=%5E6mtujOXJLh1WT281XASbQ3yIM9V4WvhBw6tQofiRw81V4xZf5jmauS7pL9ekPp%2FNKEXJWE9P9f5qdpepKGjxLl_plus_uK9Bj3b%2FetrMxglbWmfrjztIE3lm5fkG3uylxuWhBPdwZsEBuHqXwJeZXJFAJWiKX0mhutMuZlNe_plus_qwAkO3Ey%2F5gza4HsTXxBDvM5WnypaP8LXP_plus_iFn4TvoaSve%2FlIVQTfVkDPVfT2XD5OZIME8ocloKXUWohnk%2FqW1fo7AfYFiSMV9H4tmyAvJmt88ankJrn3x_plus_JdEIAH%2F1kKQMNWmo_EQ_&jobid=787892
Skip to main content
Job search Sign In
﻿
﻿
﻿
 Share
02-Apr-2025

Associate ASIC/FPGA Engineering Manager
Space

California, Colorado, Pennsylvania

690778BR

Basic Qualifications

• Bachelor of Science or higher from an accredited college in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or related discipline, or equivalent experience/combined education.

• Prior experience in design, debug and/or verification of ASICs or FPGAs.

• Experience in leading or managing ASIC or FPGA projects .

• Willing and able to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret clearance, thus US Citizenship is required.

Job Code/TitleL2524:ASIC & FPGA Design Eng Asc Mgr
Job Description

Join Our Team as an Associate ASIC/FPGA Engineering Manager where you will support over 50 different programs and research and development (R&D) efforts, affecting technology across military space, civil space, commercial space, missiles, missile defense platforms, satellite surveillance platforms, deep space exploration, and manned flight missions.

Location: Although this position does support some teleworking; the selected candidate will need to be located near our Lockheed Martin Space facility in: Sunnyvale CA, King of Prussia PA, Denver CO or Highlands Ranch CO, and be expected to work in the office as needed and as appropriate.



What does this role look like?

The Silicon Solutions team of Lockheed Martin Space is building the best ASIC/FPGA team in the world, and are seeking a highly talented and motivated ASIC & FPGA Associate Engineering Manager to lead and manage a team of ASIC/FPGA design and verification engineers in executing design services for programs in the integration and test of microchip solutions. These solutions may leverage preexisting IP, internal products, new design, existing design customizations and/or fully custom designs in order to meet unique customer mission requirements.



Key activities you will accomplish in this role:

• Manage several projects at one time, being able to effectively delegate both technical and project responsibilities within your team to manage the load.

• Be responsible for managing to completion all assigned projects to within +/- 10% of schedule and budget, leveraging either or both Agile and Waterfall methodologies as appropriate

• Be familiar with Earned Value Measurement System (EVMS) to communicate effectively with program’s / customer’s Control Accounts Manager (CAM).

• Actively develop and manage customer / program relationships, establishing your role as a ‘trusted advisor’ and communicating tactfully and effectively with customers / programs.

• Capture and negotiate project/program scope, requirements and budgets.

• Write proposals with business and technical content and summarize it in customer / program presentations.

• Manage subcontractor relationships and contracts for Silicon Solutions.

• Assist in the development of processes related to customer, contractor and business engagements.

• Develop and maintain good relationships with peer organizations and be able to effectively interface with either hardware or software teams.

• Understand complex ASIC / FPGA design and verification considerations and methods, including Universal Verification Methodology (UVM).

• Identify and recruit top talent, ensuring the team is staffed appropriately with architects, designers, DSP specialists and verifiers

• Provide project management mentorship to technical leads.



To be effective in this role, you will need:

• 8+ years professional experience preferred
• While no clearance is needed to start in this position, you will need to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret clearance, thus US Citizenship is required.



Why Lockheed Martin?

Our employees play an active role in strengthening the quality of life where we live and work by volunteering more than 850,000 hours annually.

Learn more about Lockheed Martin’s comprehensive benefits package.

Let’s do Space!

Desired skills

• Experience being a Control Accounts Manager (CAM) using Earned Value Management System (EVMS).
• Customer-facing experience (product/services sales, marketing, field, etc.).
• Microsoft Project or equivalent.
• Microsoft Office.
• Atlassian JIRA or equivalent.
• PMI Project Management Professional (PMP) Certification or similar.
• System design experience.
• Understanding of system and hardware requirements related to space
• Previous people management experience.
• Masters of Business Administration.
• Demonstrated self-starter and voracious learner with high EQ.

Other Important Information

By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.

Ability to work remotely

Part-time Remote Telework: The employee selected for this position will work part of their work schedule remotely and part of their work schedule at a designated Lockheed Martin facility. The specific weekly schedule will be discussed during the hiring process.

Select the Telework classification for this positionEmployee will telework < 50%
Ability to Telecommute

Part time telecommuting

ShiftFirst
Work Schedule Information

Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.

Work Schedule4x10 hour day, 3 days off per week
Security Clearance Information

This position requires a government security clearance, you must be a US Citizen for consideration.

Security ClearanceSecret
LMCareers Business Unit

SPACE

ProgramASIC/FPGA Pooled Services
Department

73B2A00:A&DE Silicon Solutions

Job ClassElectrical Engineering
Job Category

Experienced Professional

City, StateDenver-CO, Highlands Ranch-CO, King of Prussia-PA, SUNNYVALE-CA
City

Denver, Highlands Ranch, King of Prussia, Sunnyvale

Zip19406, 80129, 80221, 94089
Virtual

no

Relocation/Housing Stipend AvailablePossible
Req Type

Full-Time

Direct/IndirectDirect
*

At Lockheed Martin, we use our passion for purposeful innovation to help keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work.

With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel, develop, and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. We place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering an inclusive environment built upon integrity and corporate responsibility.

If this sounds like a culture you connect with, you’re invited to apply for this role. Or, if you are unsure whether your experience aligns with the requirements of this position, we encourage you to search on Lockheed Martin Jobs, and apply for roles that align with your qualifications.

EEO

Lockheed Martin is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified candidates will be considered without regard to legally protected characteristics.
The application window will close in 90 days; applicants are encouraged to apply within 5 - 30 days of the requisition posting date in order to receive optimal consideration.

National Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in California and New York (excluding most major metropolitan areas), Colorado, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey, Vermont, Washington or Washington DC is $123,500 - $217,695. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer.
Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays.
(Washington state applicants only) Non-represented full-time employees: accrue at least 10 hours per month of Paid Time Off (PTO) to be used for incidental absences and other reasons; receive at least 90 hours for holidays. Represented full time employees accrue 6.67 hours of Vacation per month; accrue up to 52 hours of sick leave annually; receive at least 96 hours for holidays. PTO, Vacation, sick leave, and holiday hours are prorated based on start date during the calendar year.
This position is incentive plan eligible.

Premium Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in most major metropolitan areas in California and New York is $131,000 - $227,125. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer.
Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays.
This position is incentive plan eligible.

Apply to Job(s) Save Send to friend
 © 2018 Lockheed Martin Corporation / Privacy Terms of Use EU DATA PROTECTION NOTICE
 Cookies Infinite Talent Privacy Statement