18-Aug-2025

Software Engineer Staff - Space Protection Programs
Space

Colorado

698125BR

Basic Qualifications

• Must have a bachelor’s degree in a technical or engineering discipline and demonstrable experience in embedded space flight software engineering or a related technical discipline.
• Ability to design software solutions to address complex problems
• Excellent written and verbal communication skills, strong social skills, and ability to build consensus among peers while building solid relationships across Agile Development Teams.
• Comfortable working in an Agile Scrum environment
• Must have an active Top Secret security clearance

Job Code/TitleE1074:Software Engineer Stf
Job Description

Space is a critical domain, connecting our technologies, our security and our humanity. While others view space as a destination, we see it as a realm of possibilities, where we can do more — we can innovate, invest, inspire and integrate our capabilities to transform the future.

At Lockheed Martin Space, we aim to harness the full potential of space to cultivate innovation, reduce costs, and push the boundaries of what technology can achieve. We’re creating future-ready solutions, focusing on resiliency and urgency through our 21st Century Security® vision. We’re erasing boundaries and forming partnerships across industries and around the world. We’re advancing spacecraft and the workforce to fuel the next generation. And we’re reimagining how space can connect us, ensuring security and prosperity.

Join us in shaping a new era in space and find a career that's built for you.

Space Protection Programs is seeking an experienced Software Engineer and Technical Leader who can guide a team through complex mission software development lifecycle. Candidate must have the ability to take ownership of software development activities and drive the application of agile methods that require a multifaceted execution approach, depending on the time-phased needs of the program. Responsible for frequent use and application of software engineering standards and techniques, including Object Oriented Design and Agile development techniques, a successful candidate will guide software requirements development, architecture, design, implementation, and test. Will work in a highly collaborative environment with frequent and direct interaction with various engineering disciplines and customer.

Experience with C/C++, Python, WindRiver and Linux OS, and Object-Oriented design is preferred. Strong ability to perform on a small highly skilled team in a dynamic environment. The preferred candidate must be able to work under limited direction and will be given considerable altitude in determining technical objectives and approaches. Candidate will be required to multi-task, adapt to change, and possess strong organizational and communication skills.

• Participate in embedded software development and/or software test activities.
• Lead in the architecture and detailed design of complex CSCs and CSCIs.
• Be leading member of an Agile development team. Conduct Agile Release Planning, Sprint Planning, and guide agile development execution. Provide leadership in the guidance and mentorship of agile methods to a multi-disciplined team of software and systems engineers.
• Act as a role model for the team. Lead by doing.
• Exercise considerable latitude in determining approaches to assignments.
• Learn new tools independently.
• Identify opportunities for improvement in current processes and implement new processes.

Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

Desired skills

• Knowledge of embedded systems architectures and test experience using embedded systems.
• Demonstrated experience using the Agile methodology in the development, integration and test of complex software systems and environments.
• Demonstrated experience with the management and control of schedule/scope/cost on a challenging program.
• Experience executing projects with agile processes and tools
• Programming background in C/C++ and Python.
• Experience with leading process improvement initiatives.
• Experience with program lifecycle execution from concept phase through end-of-life phase.
• Comfortable working in a fast paced and dynamic multi-disciplinary environment.
• Familiarity with software architecture, and software design as a part of a system-of-systems.

#LMSpaceSoftwareEng

Other Important Information

By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.

Ability to work remotely

Onsite Full-time: The work associated with this position will be performed onsite at a designated Lockheed Martin facility.

Select the Telework classification for this positionEmployee will work on-site full-time
Ability to Telecommute

No telecommuting

ShiftFirst
Work Schedule Information

Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.

Work Schedule9x80 every other Friday off
Security Clearance Information

This position requires a government security clearance, you must be a US Citizen for consideration.

Security ClearanceTop Secret
LMCareers Business Unit

SPACE

ProgramSPP
Department

72D2A00:Embedded National

Job ClassSoftware Engineering
Job Category

Experienced Professional

City, StateLittleton-CO
City

Littleton

Zip80125
Virtual

no

Relocation/Housing Stipend AvailablePossible
Req Type

Full-Time

Direct/IndirectDirect
*

At Lockheed Martin, we use our passion for purposeful innovation to help keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work.

With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel, develop, and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. We place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering an inclusive environment built upon integrity and corporate responsibility.

If this sounds like a culture you connect with, you’re invited to apply for this role. Or, if you are unsure whether your experience aligns with the requirements of this position, we encourage you to search on Lockheed Martin Jobs, and apply for roles that align with your qualifications.

EEO

Lockheed Martin is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified candidates will be considered without regard to legally protected characteristics.
The application window will close in 90 days; applicants are encouraged to apply within 5 - 30 days of the requisition posting date in order to receive optimal consideration.

National Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in California and New York (excluding most major metropolitan areas), Colorado, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey, Vermont, Washington or Washington DC is $109,200 - $192,510. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer. Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays. (Washington state applicants only) Non-represented full-time employees: accrue at least 10 hours per month of Paid Time Off (PTO) to be used for incidental absences and other reasons; receive at least 90 hours for holidays. Represented full time employees accrue 6.67 hours of Vacation per month; accrue up to 52 hours of sick leave annually; receive at least 96 hours for holidays. PTO, Vacation, sick leave, and holiday hours are prorated based on start date during the calendar year. This position is incentive plan eligible.

Premium Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in most major metropolitan areas in California and New York is $125,600 - $217,695. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer. Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays. This position is incentive plan eligible.

