18-Jun-2025

Software Engineer- Littleton, CO
Space

Colorado

695117BR

Basic Qualifications

• This software engineering position requires hands-on software engineering skills and knowledge in Java and/or TypeScript/Angular

• Must be a US Citizen ; this position requires a government Top Secret security clearance. This position is located at a facility that requires special access.

#LMSpaceSoftwareEng

Job Code/TitleE1074:Software Engineer Stf
Job Description

Space is a critical domain, connecting our technologies, our security and our humanity. While others view space as a destination, we see it as a realm of possibilities, where we can do more — we can innovate, invest, inspire and integrate our capabilities to transform the future.

At Lockheed Martin Space, we aim to harness the full potential of space to cultivate innovation, reduce costs, and push the boundaries of what technology can achieve. We’re creating future-ready solutions, focusing on resiliency and urgency through our 21st Century Security® vision. We’re erasing boundaries and forming partnerships across industries and around the world. We’re advancing spacecraft and the workforce to fuel the next generation. And we’re reimagining how space can connect us, ensuring security and prosperity.

Join us in shaping a new era in space and find a career that's built for you.

Consolidated Analysis Orchestration Services (CAOS) is the preeminent Geospatial-Intelligence program in the world – over 10,000 intelligence analysts and decision-makers worldwide daily rely on CAOS for critical intelligence and geospatial data management. In addition to meeting today’s critical intelligence mission needs, we are working on evolving exciting future automation and artificial intelligence solutions for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA). We need the best engineers on our team to ensure mission success! Think you have the skills, come join the CAOS Team that creates software for the next generation of geospatial intelligence

This position is contingent upon the program award expected in Fall of 2025

Desired skills

• Angular 2+
• Java
• Kubernetes
• Docker
• Continuous Integration and Deployment Tools: Git, Jenkins, Puppet, Docker
• Agile SW development methodologies
• SAFe processes
• JEE/J2EE
• RESTfull and/or SOAP Web Services
• JSON, XML

Other Important Information

By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.

Ability to work remotely

Onsite Full-time: The work associated with this position will be performed onsite at a designated Lockheed Martin facility.

Select the Telework classification for this positionEmployee will work on-site full-time
Ability to Telecommute

No telecommuting

ShiftFirst
Work Schedule Information

Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.

Work Schedule9x80 every other Friday off
Security Clearance Information

This position requires a government security clearance, you must be a US Citizen for consideration.

Security ClearanceTS/SCI
LMCareers Business Unit

SPACE

ProgramCAOS
Department

72C2B41:CS3 Enterprise Analytics

Job ClassSoftware Engineering
Job Category

Experienced Professional

City, StateLittleton-CO
City

Littleton

Zip80127
Virtual

no

Relocation/Housing Stipend AvailablePossible
Req Type

Full-Time

Direct/IndirectDirect
*

Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.

EEO

Lockheed Martin is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified candidates will be considered without regard to legally protected characteristics.
The application window will close in 90 days; applicants are encouraged to apply within 5 - 30 days of the requisition posting date in order to receive optimal consideration.

National Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in California and New York (excluding most major metropolitan areas), Colorado, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey, Vermont, Washington or Washington DC is $113,900 - $200,905. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer.
Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays.
(Washington state applicants only) Non-represented full-time employees: accrue at least 10 hours per month of Paid Time Off (PTO) to be used for incidental absences and other reasons; receive at least 90 hours for holidays. Represented full time employees accrue 6.67 hours of Vacation per month; accrue up to 52 hours of sick leave annually; receive at least 96 hours for holidays. PTO, Vacation, sick leave, and holiday hours are prorated based on start date during the calendar year.
This position is incentive plan eligible.

Premium Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in most major metropolitan areas in California and New York is $125,600 - $217,695. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer. Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays. This position is incentive plan eligible.