https://sjobs.brassring.com/TGnewUI/Search/home/HomeWithPreLoad?partnerid=25037&siteid=5010&PageType=JobDetails&jobid=796256


04-Aug-2025

C2 Software Engineer - Staff (TS)
Space

Colorado, Pennsylvania

698040BR

Basic Qualifications

• Deep Software Development background, with a track record of successful project delivery
• Experience developing using C#
• Experience developing ground subsystems
• Cloud/containerization experience with a good understanding of distributed systems and designing for scalability
• Experience developing microservices
• Demonstrated expertise in Scaled Agile development methodologies, with excellent communication skills
• Current TS Clearance prior to start and the ability to obtain SCI

Job Code/TitleE1074:Software Engineer Stf
Job Description

The coolest jobs on this planet… or any other… are with Lockheed Martin Space!

At the dawn of a new space age, Lockheed Martin is a pioneer, partner, innovator and builder. Our amazing people are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every single day we use our skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds’ hardest engineering problems. Our culture encourages employees to dream big, perform with excellence and create incredible products. We provide the resources, inspiration and focus and if you have the passion and courage to dream big, we want to build a better tomorrow with you.

As Command and Control Software Engineer:

• You will design, implement, test, and maintain object-oriented ground system command and control software applications using Java, C#, Angular, Python
• You will support modernization efforts geared toward achieving greater efficiency, security, automation and scalability
• You will collaborate with an enthusiastic team of software, systems, and test engineers using the Agile Development methodology

This is an SENIOR CAREER (level 4) ROLE where candidates require 9+ years of professional experience and a BS degree or above; or 7 years of professional experience with a related Master's degree.

Selected candidate must have a Top Secret security clearance prior to start and the ability to obtain an SCI clearance.

Our employees play an active role in strengthening the quality of life where we live and work by volunteering more than 850,000 hours annually. Here are some of the benefits you can enjoy:
• Medical
• Dental
• 401k
• Paid time off
• Work/life balance
• Career development
• Mentorship opportunities
• Rewards & recognition

We care about our employees and offer a generous benefits package: 401K, PTO, and work/life balance and more.

#LI-CS1

Desired skills

• Meaningful experience designing and implementing software solutions using the following technologies: Java, C#, Python
• Proficient in using Git for version control and collaboration
• Working knowledge of DevSecOps Pipelines
• Excellent understanding of Agile Methodologies as they relate to the Scaled Agile Framework
• Experience with Agile, automated test, CI/CD, and regression testing
• Strong problem-solving skills applied to software engineering solutions
• Previous experience with the Horizon Command and Control application

#LMSpaceSoftwareEng

Other Important Information

By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.

Ability to work remotely

Part-time Remote Telework: The employee selected for this position will work part of their work schedule remotely and part of their work schedule at a designated Lockheed Martin facility. The specific weekly schedule will be discussed during the hiring process.

Select the Telework classification for this positionEmployee will telework < 50%
Ability to Telecommute

Part time telecommuting

ShiftFirst
Work Schedule Information

Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.

Work Schedule9x80 every other Friday off
Security Clearance Information

This position requires a government security clearance, you must be a US Citizen for consideration.

Security ClearanceTS/SCI
LMCareers Business Unit

SPACE

ProgramP267
Department

72B4A00:GS2 GRS

Job ClassSoftware Engineering
Job Category

Experienced Professional

City, StateKing of Prussia-PA, Littleton-CO
City

King of Prussia, Littleton

Zip19406, 80125
Virtual

no

Relocation/Housing Stipend AvailablePossible
Req Type

Full-Time

Direct/IndirectDirect
*

At Lockheed Martin, we use our passion for purposeful innovation to help keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work.

With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel, develop, and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. We place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering an inclusive environment built upon integrity and corporate responsibility.

If this sounds like a culture you connect with, you’re invited to apply for this role. Or, if you are unsure whether your experience aligns with the requirements of this position, we encourage you to search on Lockheed Martin Jobs, and apply for roles that align with your qualifications.

EEO

Lockheed Martin is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified candidates will be considered without regard to legally protected characteristics.
The application window will close in 90 days; applicants are encouraged to apply within 5 - 30 days of the requisition posting date in order to receive optimal consideration.

National Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in California and New York (excluding most major metropolitan areas), Colorado, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey, Vermont, Washington or Washington DC is $109,200 - $192,510. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer. Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays. (Washington state applicants only) Non-represented full-time employees: accrue at least 10 hours per month of Paid Time Off (PTO) to be used for incidental absences and other reasons; receive at least 90 hours for holidays. Represented full time employees accrue 6.67 hours of Vacation per month; accrue up to 52 hours of sick leave annually; receive at least 96 hours for holidays. PTO, Vacation, sick leave, and holiday hours are prorated based on start date during the calendar year. This position is incentive plan eligible.

Premium Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in most major metropolitan areas in California and New York is $125,600 - $217,695. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer. Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays. This position is incentive plan eligible.