
http://sjobs.brassring.com/TGNewUI/Search/Home/HomeWithPreLoad?PageType=JobDetails&PartnerId=25037&SiteId=5010&srcqs=%5E6mtujOXJLh1WT281XASbQ3yIM9V4WvhBw6tQofiRw81V4xZf5jmauS7pL9ekPp%2FNKEXJWE9P9f5qdpepKGjxLl_plus_uK9Bj3b%2FetrMxglbWmfrjztIE3lm5fkG3uylxuWhBeP9BE9qirtgtbHlBVi1SyNvvTe4D6qKOiKyvw%2FnLA6J6zbsCaZC9MhHeJdI7GJqK%2FaR96ULjovtpnDVdElYdrvZal5yE6OVc9PdKqHZbnKr_plus_HEI4z3pWG8IqRFI%2FXZti_plus_NXlY2SJiueo_plus_TivmClac7PbJv8cilJWJw%2FDbQ0m4iw_EQ_&jobid=791635
Skip to main content
Job search Sign In
﻿
﻿
﻿
 Share
22-May-2025

Software Engineer Staff
Space

Colorado

694389BR

Basic Qualifications

• Must have a minimum of 9 years professional related experience with a bachelor's degree OR 7 years with master's degree
• Five or more years of experience designing, implementing, and debugging Java-based software applications
• Experience working with containerization technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes
• Experience with CI/CD pipelines and tools such as GitLab, Nexus, and AWS
• Experience with server-side programming in Java (Java 17 or later)
• Must be a U.S. Citizen to be considered.

Job Code/TitleE1074:Software Engineer Stf
Job Description

Space is a critical domain, connecting our technologies, our security and our humanity. While others view space as a destination, we see it as a realm of possibilities, where we can do more — we can innovate, invest, inspire and integrate our capabilities to transform the future.

At Lockheed Martin Space, we aim to harness the full potential of space to cultivate innovation, reduce costs, and push the boundaries of what technology can achieve. We’re creating future-ready solutions, focusing on resiliency and urgency through our 21st Century Security® vision. We’re erasing boundaries and forming partnerships across industries and around the world. We’re advancing spacecraft and the workforce to fuel the next generation. And we’re reimagining how space can connect us, ensuring security and prosperity.

Join us in shaping a new era in space and find a career that's built for you.

We're looking for a highly skilled Senior Software Engineer to join our team in Colorado Springs, CO. As a key member of our Agile development team, you will be responsible for designing, developing, and deploying modern user interfaces and back-end services using Jakarta EE technologies. You will work on a mission-critical project that requires a deep understanding of Java, Linux, and containerization technologies.

Product Owner Responsibilities:
• Define, manage, and prioritize the product backlog to ensure alignment with customer needs and expectations
• Collaborate with stakeholders, developers, and team members to prioritize backlog items and ensure the product meets customer needs and expectations
• Ensure the development team has a clear understanding of product requirements and priorities, and is accountable for the product's overall scope, roadmap, and delivery

Software Developer key responsibilities:
• Design, implement, and debug Jakarta EE-based software applications using Java (Java 17 or later)
• Develop and maintain high-performance back-end services that model orbital mechanics, solve critical optimization problems, and process large-scale data ingest and aggregation
• Implement software designs using Jakarta EE technologies such as:
o Enterprise JavaBeans (EJBs)
o Java Persistence API (JPA)
o Java API for RESTful Web Services (JAX-RS)
o Context Dependency Injection (CDI) and
• Familiarity with JSON structures, including parsing, validation, and transformation of JSON data
• Development of processing message-driven architectures using message brokers like AMQ Messaging, including designing and implementing messaging patterns, message queues, and topics
• Design, implement, and performance tune relational databases like PostgreSQL, including schema design, indexing, and query optimization
• Develop and maintain containerized applications using Docker, Kubernetes and Helm
• Implement continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD) pipelines using GitLab, Nexus, and AWS
• Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure alignment with customer expectations and deliver high-quality software products
• Participate in Agile development methodologies such as Scrum or Kanban to ensure rapid delivery of software products

Security Clearance:
• To maintain long-term employment on the program, selected candidates will be required to successfully obtain a DoD Top Secret security clearance with an adjudicated SCI (i.e., TS/SCI)
• A security clearance is not required to start

Desired skills

• Active DoD TS/SCI Clearance
• Experience as a Product Owner in an Agile environment
• Experience with unit testing and automated testing
• Experience with Agile development methodologies such as Scrum or Kanban

#LMSpaceSoftwareEng

Other Important Information

By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.

Ability to work remotely

Part-time Remote Telework: The employee selected for this position will work part of their work schedule remotely and part of their work schedule at a designated Lockheed Martin facility. The specific weekly schedule will be discussed during the hiring process.

Select the Telework classification for this positionEmployee will telework < 50%
Ability to Telecommute

Part time telecommuting

ShiftFirst
Work Schedule Information

Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.

Work Schedule9x80 every other Friday off
Security Clearance Information

This position requires a government security clearance, you must be a US Citizen for consideration.

Security ClearanceTS/SCI
LMCareers Business Unit

SPACE

ProgramSpace Security – Whiskey
Department

72C1A00:CS3 Space Security

Job ClassSoftware Engineering
Job Category

Experienced Professional

City, StateCOLORADO SPRINGS-CO
City

COLORADO SPRINGS

Zip80915
Virtual

no

Relocation/Housing Stipend AvailablePossible
Req Type

Full-Time

Direct/IndirectDirect
*

At Lockheed Martin, we use our passion for purposeful innovation to help keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work.

With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel, develop, and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. We place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering an inclusive environment built upon integrity and corporate responsibility.

If this sounds like a culture you connect with, you’re invited to apply for this role. Or, if you are unsure whether your experience aligns with the requirements of this position, we encourage you to search on Lockheed Martin Jobs, and apply for roles that align with your qualifications.

EEO

Lockheed Martin is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified candidates will be considered without regard to legally protected characteristics.
The application window will close in 90 days; applicants are encouraged to apply within 5 - 30 days of the requisition posting date in order to receive optimal consideration.

National Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in California and New York (excluding most major metropolitan areas), Colorado, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey, Vermont, Washington or Washington DC is $113,900 - $200,905. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer.
Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays.
(Washington state applicants only) Non-represented full-time employees: accrue at least 10 hours per month of Paid Time Off (PTO) to be used for incidental absences and other reasons; receive at least 90 hours for holidays. Represented full time employees accrue 6.67 hours of Vacation per month; accrue up to 52 hours of sick leave annually; receive at least 96 hours for holidays. PTO, Vacation, sick leave, and holiday hours are prorated based on start date during the calendar year.
This position is incentive plan eligible.

Premium Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in most major metropolitan areas in California and New York is $125,600 - $217,695. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer.
Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays.
This position is incentive plan eligible.

Apply to Job(s) Save Send to friend
Scroll to top
 © 2018 Lockheed Martin Corporation / Privacy Terms of Use EU DATA PROTECTION NOTICE
 Cookies Infinite Talent Privacy Statement