25-Jun-2025

Software Engineer Stf
Space

Colorado, Pennsylvania

[696540BR](https://sjobs.brassring.com/TGNewUI/Search/Home/HomeWithPreLoad?PageType=JobDetails&PartnerId=25037&SiteId=5010&srcqs=%5E6mtujOXJLh1WT281XASbQ3yIM9V4WvhBw6tQofiRw81V4xZf5jmauS7pL9ekPp%2FNKEXJWE9P9f5qdpepKGjxLl_plus_uK9Bj3b%2FetrMxglbWmfrjztIE3lm5fkG3uylxuWhB%2Fqd4DVUZUW%2Fe2sbhLtAJvbTrkcKKrtZSwf9NoGbsQ0chrHLBfJ_plus_c13XguxvmUTjkbZXNGzKpAaofNKaGCecLyxKuP1MqdKa2oncrXy8CMXbksJ4wbtuZHa7SJ9GSkkQ9uVCx_plus_rmBxU_plus_7xfv5KNOjaEG%2FPcuM1bG5Vn3Ifxci6wk_EQ_&jobid=786148#jobDetails=793874_5010)

Basic Qualifications

Experience designing and documenting microservice-based architectures
Strong Presentation Skills
Deep understanding of open architecture, cloud computing design, and security principles
Demonstrated proficiency in software development using Java or C#
Strong critical thinking and problem solving skills
Ability to communicate effectively and work in a collaborative environment

Job Code/TitleE1074:Software Engineer Stf
Job Description

Space is a critical domain, connecting our technologies, our security and our humanity. While others view space as a destination, we see it as a realm of possibilities, where we can do more — we can innovate, invest, inspire and integrate our capabilities to transform the future.

At Lockheed Martin Space, we aim to harness the full potential of space to cultivate innovation, reduce costs, and push the boundaries of what technology can achieve. We’re creating future-ready solutions, focusing on resiliency and urgency through our 21st Century Security® vision. We’re erasing boundaries and forming partnerships across industries and around the world. We’re advancing spacecraft and the workforce to fuel the next generation. And we’re reimagining how space can connect us, ensuring security and prosperity.

Join us in shaping a new era in space and find a career that's built for you.


The Ground Product Line (GPL) is a leading provider of common ground software solutions, specializing in the development of mission-critical systems for U.S. government agencies, commercial enterprises, and international customers. As part of Lockheed Martin, our expertise lies in creating robust, scalable software for ground products that support a wide range of applications, including defense, intelligence, aerospace, and secure communications. With a commitment to innovation, quality, and security, we deliver tailored solutions that meet the stringent requirements of our diverse customer base.
Whether you're supporting our Internal Research and Development projects or an existing program, you'll be challenged to use your software skills in a team environment where our customers' missions come first. Imagine developing innovative features that provide executive decision makers with faster, clearer, and more efficient information, enabling them to make informed decisions. The opportunities on the Ground Product Line team are limitless, and we encourage you to explore your full potential.

Desired skills

Experience with Cloud environments
Experience integrating software components via machine-to-machine interfaces (e.g., RESTful APIs, ActiveMQ, etc.)
Experienced with Command and Control Systems
Understanding / proficiency in application containerization (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes, etc.)
Experience with test automation and continuous integration and deployment
Strong background developing / debugging and/or testing of web applications and web services
Experience with Elastic Search, Kibana, Logstash (ELK stack)
Demonstrated experience working in Agile teams leveraging Scrum, Kanban or other methodologies and/or understanding of Agile development concepts
Ability to obtain TS/SCI Clearance

#LMSpaceSoftwareEng

Other Important Information

By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.

Ability to work remotely

Part-time Remote Telework: The employee selected for this position will work part of their work schedule remotely and part of their work schedule at a designated Lockheed Martin facility. The specific weekly schedule will be discussed during the hiring process.

Select the Telework classification for this positionEmployee will telework > = 50%
Ability to Telecommute

Part time telecommuting

ShiftFirst
Work Schedule Information

Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.

Work Schedule4x10 hour day, 3 days off per week
Security Clearance

None

LMCareers Business UnitSPACE
Program

Ground Product Lines - Horizon

Department72F2A00:Ground Product Line
Job Class

Software Engineering

Job CategoryExperienced Professional
City, State

King of Prussia-PA, Littleton-CO

CityKing of Prussia, Littleton
Zip

19406, 80125

Virtualno
Relocation/Housing Stipend Available

Possible

Req TypeFull-Time
Direct/Indirect

Direct

*

At Lockheed Martin, we use our passion for purposeful innovation to help keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work.

With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel, develop, and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. We place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering an inclusive environment built upon integrity and corporate responsibility.

If this sounds like a culture you connect with, you’re invited to apply for this role. Or, if you are unsure whether your experience aligns with the requirements of this position, we encourage you to search on Lockheed Martin Jobs, and apply for roles that align with your qualifications.

EEO

Lockheed Martin is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified candidates will be considered without regard to legally protected characteristics.
The application window will close in 90 days; applicants are encouraged to apply within 5 - 30 days of the requisition posting date in order to receive optimal consideration.

National Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in California and New York (excluding most major metropolitan areas), Colorado, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey, Vermont, Washington or Washington DC is $109,200 - $192,510. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer. Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays. (Washington state applicants only) Non-represented full-time employees: accrue at least 10 hours per month of Paid Time Off (PTO) to be used for incidental absences and other reasons; receive at least 90 hours for holidays. Represented full time employees accrue 6.67 hours of Vacation per month; accrue up to 52 hours of sick leave annually; receive at least 96 hours for holidays. PTO, Vacation, sick leave, and holiday hours are prorated based on start date during the calendar year. This position is incentive plan eligible.

Premium Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in most major metropolitan areas in California and New York is $125,600 - $217,695. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer. Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays. This position is incentive plan eligible.

