
http://sjobs.brassring.com/TGNewUI/Search/Home/HomeWithPreLoad?PageType=JobDetails&PartnerId=25037&SiteId=5010&srcqs=%5E6mtujOXJLh1WT281XASbQ3yIM9V4WvhBw6tQofiRw81V4xZf5jmauS7pL9ekPp%2FNKEXJWE9P9f5qdpepKGjxLl_plus_uK9Bj3b%2FetrMxglbWmfrjztIE3lm5fkG3uylxuWhBaZn54EJTOlvYUYofPEDNmbvKb84jzmqnxSaRqxQ4QyWe%2FfkOAhjK_plus_NOXXmK7l0kkSzqvBluAuSeGLWBrvbo%2FygW0WOuOSkc_plus_goI57mgsK0uNmzearHomHzJ7Pesb6rmRv7bCSWZyEmp6YmF_plus_AWJ2wjRfWOR5%2F5w0fHvTZ3ZIJHY_EQ_&jobid=791890
Skip to main content
Job search Sign In
﻿
﻿
﻿
 Share
09-Jun-2025

Systems Engineer Sr Staff
Space

Colorado

695086BR

Basic Qualifications

As a CPS System Safety Engineer Tech Lead, you will serve as the CPS Program System Safety Engineering subject matter expert, focusing on guiding safety analysis and mentoring the team.

In this role, you will need:
• Be aware of system and subsystem safety tasks in accordance with MIL-STD-882E
•Experience collaborate with system and subsystem system, design, and test engineering teams to ensure designs/tests comply with requirements
•Shown ability to collaborate across the program integrated product teams (IPTs) and customers
•Experience reviewing and providing feedback from the lens of safety into design artifacts, requirement specifications, or test procedures, ensuring they adhere to program safety requirements.
•Missile/Launch Vehicle Design Experience

Job Code/TitleE1465:Systems Engineer Sr Stf
Job Description

The coolest jobs on this planet… or any
other… are with Lockheed Martin Space!
At the dawn of a new space age, Lockheed Martin is
a pioneer, partner, innovator and builder. Our
amazing men and women are on a mission to make a
difference in the world and every day we use our
unique skills and experiences to create, design and
build solutions to some of the worlds’ hardest
engineering problems. Our culture encourages
employees to dream big, perform with excellence and
create incredible products. We provide the resources,
inspiration and focus and if you have the passion and
courage to dream big, we want to build a better
tomorrow with you.

Lockheed Martin Space has an immediate opportunity for a System Safety Engineer at our Denver, CO. facility. If you have an interest in working for a company that develops national defense systems, come and be a part of our System Safety Team. At Lockheed Martin Space, we are driven by innovation and integrity. We believe that by applying the highest standards of
business ethics and forward thinking, everything is
within our reach – and yours -- as a Lockheed Martin
employee. Lockheed Martin values your System
Safety skills, training, and education. Come and
experience your future!

You will use your system safety experience to
evaluate hardware and software ensuring mission
success. As our SSE, your responsibilities will also include the following tasks:
• Develop and/or update Preliminary Hazard List
(PHL), Preliminary Hazard Analysis (PHA), Functional
Hazard Analyses (FHAs), System Hazard Analyses
(SHA), and Safety Assessment Reports (SAR)
• Prepare presentations and participate in Design
Reviews, Test Readiness Reviews, Technical
Interchange Meetings, and various working groups
and safety review meetings
• Support the development and updating of System
Safety documents to support Customer, Range
Safety, and contractual requirements
• Review and provide input to test procedures for
adherence to System Safety requirements
• Coordinate with test range safety teams and writing
range safety reports to support testing
• Assist in the development and maintenance of a
Hazard Tracking System (HTS) used to document
real and potential hazards and their mitigation strategy for the program. The technical lead needs to own and understand the assessments completed by the safety team and concur with their mitigation strategy.
• Mentorship of the SSEs on the team.
• Be a vocal safety leader and provide feedback. and status to customers/program on safety status.
• Occasional Safety Manager Delegate and aid in BOEs, ROMs, and CAM activities.

Desired skills

• Active Secret Clearance.
• Subject matter expert in the System Safety discipline.
• Any Software development lifecycle experience a plus.
• Experience working in System Safety Working Groups - SSWG, WSESRB, SSSTRP, etc.
• Demonstrated experience mentoring and guiding the development of engineers.
• Experience developing Basis of Estimates.
• Excellent oral and written communication and interpersonal skills.
• Ability to interface with Customer and Program Management.
• Demonstrated ability in developing technical baseline.
•Experience building and communicating a safety case for re-design/risk acceptance.
•Experience Leading Teams.

Other Important Information

By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.

Ability to work remotely

Part-time Remote Telework: The employee selected for this position will work part of their work schedule remotely and part of their work schedule at a designated Lockheed Martin facility. The specific weekly schedule will be discussed during the hiring process.

Select the Telework classification for this positionEmployee will telework > = 50%
Ability to Telecommute

Part time telecommuting

ShiftFirst
Work Schedule Information

Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.

Work Schedule9x80 every other Friday off
Security Clearance Information

This position requires a government security clearance, you must be a US Citizen for consideration.

Security ClearanceSecret
LMCareers Business Unit

SPACE

Department71A4A00:System Safety Engineering
Job Class

Systems Engineering: Other

Job CategoryExperienced Professional
City, State

Littleton-CO

CityLittleton
Zip

80127

Virtualno
Relocation/Housing Stipend Available

Possible

Req TypeFull-Time
Direct/Indirect

Direct

*

At Lockheed Martin, we use our passion for purposeful innovation to help keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work.

With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel, develop, and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. We place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering an inclusive environment built upon integrity and corporate responsibility.

If this sounds like a culture you connect with, you’re invited to apply for this role. Or, if you are unsure whether your experience aligns with the requirements of this position, we encourage you to search on Lockheed Martin Jobs, and apply for roles that align with your qualifications.

EEO

Lockheed Martin is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified candidates will be considered without regard to legally protected characteristics.
The application window will close in 90 days; applicants are encouraged to apply within 5 - 30 days of the requisition posting date in order to receive optimal consideration.

National Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in California and New York (excluding most major metropolitan areas), Colorado, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey, Vermont, Washington or Washington DC is $128,400 - $226,435. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer.
Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays.
(Washington state applicants only) Non-represented full-time employees: accrue at least 10 hours per month of Paid Time Off (PTO) to be used for incidental absences and other reasons; receive at least 90 hours for holidays. Represented full time employees accrue 6.67 hours of Vacation per month; accrue up to 52 hours of sick leave annually; receive at least 96 hours for holidays. PTO, Vacation, sick leave, and holiday hours are prorated based on start date during the calendar year.
This position is incentive plan eligible.

Premium Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in most major metropolitan areas in California and New York is $141,300 - $244,835. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer.
Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays.
This position is incentive plan eligible.

Apply to Job(s) Save Send to friend
 © 2018 Lockheed Martin Corporation / Privacy Terms of Use EU DATA PROTECTION NOTICE
 Cookies Infinite Talent Privacy Statement