
http://sjobs.brassring.com/TGNewUI/Search/Home/HomeWithPreLoad?PageType=JobDetails&PartnerId=25037&SiteId=5010&srcqs=%5E6mtujOXJLh1WT281XASbQ3yIM9V4WvhBw6tQofiRw81V4xZf5jmauS7pL9ekPp%2FNKEXJWE9P9f5qdpepKGjxLl_plus_uK9Bj3b%2FetrMxglbWmfrjztIE3lm5fkG3uylxuWhBDdD0JURiMlYLEAE_plus_4QfG1U4h5L5sqZCu7JjByav8Ei4ZjVWVji8dbrdFiJ1e0vmtM2ulGB5lNMYG8OynibAXnZhMEXnm_plus_ywN8jJbeD0t3F0RCu37hsKy_plus_Jpj5DaubtaJ_plus_pQCbnDp9B33VUm74wqD%2F5_plus_UsBb67cruvQdVXu13jpY_EQ_&jobid=791460
Skip to main content
Job search Sign In
﻿
﻿
﻿
 Share
22-May-2025

Cyber Software Engineer
Space

Colorado

694208BR

Basic Qualifications

• Fluent in two or more of the following programming languages: C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Python, Ruby.
• Expertise in one or more of the following Operating Systems: Linux, Unix, Mac, Windows, Android, iOS.
• Hands-on experience developing software using Configuration Management Tools (e.g., Git, SVN, TFS).
• Experience or education in cyber security, electrical engineering, computing engineering, computer science or related field.

Job Code/TitleE9753:Cyber Software Engr Sr
Job Description

Do you have the dedication and passion to make a significant contribution to mission success? Do you want to be part of a dynamic, fast-paced, high-performance team that's crafting an outstanding team culture, all while quickly adapting to constantly evolving customer requirements?

You will be part of a team that centers on research and development within the cyber engineering field, investigating and exploiting the newest technological advances to resolve complex problems. Our group works in close collaboration with its customers throughout the entire development life-cycle. The work environment is reminiscent of a start-up and values innovation, creativity, and teamwork. Curiosity, dedication and a one team focus complement this team very well and enable the most creative solutions.

This position is in one of the Coolest places to work: Denver, Colorado.

Our offices are in colorful Colorado, close to Denver, where you can enjoy world-class skiing and snowboarding, a vibrant downtown, outdoor activities year-round, non-stop flights to over 200 domestic and 25 international destinations, and an outstanding work-life balance!

Learn more about Lockheed Martin’s comprehensive benefits package.

Desired skills

• Team-focused with the ability to learn quickly.
• Excellent communication and collaboration skills.
• Genuine interest in new technologies.
• Familiarity with agile development methodologies.
• Proficient in Cyber security.
• Experience in Linux kernel development.
• Knowledge of driver to hardware interactions.

Experience in one or more of the following will set you apart:
• Custom hardware development
• Exploit analysis
• Wireless technologies
• Mobile application development
• Containerization
• Cloud computing
• Automated testing
• Continuous integration/continuous deployment
• Rapid prototyping tools and techniques
• IP networking

#LMSpaceCyberEng

Other Important Information

By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.

Ability to work remotely

Onsite Full-time: The work associated with this position will be performed onsite at a designated Lockheed Martin facility.

Select the Telework classification for this positionEmployee will work on-site full-time
Ability to Telecommute

No telecommuting

ShiftFirst
Work Schedule Information

Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.

Work Schedule4x10 hour day, 3 days off per week
Security Clearance Information

This position requires a government security clearance, you must be a US Citizen for consideration.

Security ClearanceTS/SCI
LMCareers Business Unit

SPACE

ProgramBad Robot
Department

72E3A00:Cyber Engineering

Job ClassCyber Security Engineering
Job Category

Experienced Professional

City, StateDenver-CO
City

Denver

Zip80221
Virtual

no

Relocation/Housing Stipend AvailablePossible
Req Type

Full-Time

Direct/IndirectDirect
*

At Lockheed Martin, we use our passion for purposeful innovation to help keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work.

With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel, develop, and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. We place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering an inclusive environment built upon integrity and corporate responsibility.

If this sounds like a culture you connect with, you’re invited to apply for this role. Or, if you are unsure whether your experience aligns with the requirements of this position, we encourage you to search on Lockheed Martin Jobs, and apply for roles that align with your qualifications.

EEO

Lockheed Martin is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified candidates will be considered without regard to legally protected characteristics.
The application window will close in 90 days; applicants are encouraged to apply within 5 - 30 days of the requisition posting date in order to receive optimal consideration.

National Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in California and New York (excluding most major metropolitan areas), Colorado, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey, Vermont, Washington or Washington DC is $104,900 - $184,920. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer.
Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays.
(Washington state applicants only) Non-represented full-time employees: accrue at least 10 hours per month of Paid Time Off (PTO) to be used for incidental absences and other reasons; receive at least 90 hours for holidays. Represented full time employees accrue 6.67 hours of Vacation per month; accrue up to 52 hours of sick leave annually; receive at least 96 hours for holidays. PTO, Vacation, sick leave, and holiday hours are prorated based on start date during the calendar year.
This position is incentive plan eligible.

Premium Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in most major metropolitan areas in California and New York is $111,700 - $193,660. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer.
Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays.
This position is incentive plan eligible.

Apply to Job(s) Save Send to friend
Scroll to top
 © 2018 Lockheed Martin Corporation / Privacy Terms of Use EU DATA PROTECTION NOTICE
 Cookies Infinite Talent Privacy Statement