https://sjobs.brassring.com/TGnewUI/Search/home/HomeWithPreLoad?partnerid=25037&siteid=5010&PageType=JobDetails&jobid=798056

29-Jul-2025

Staff Software Engineer, Embedded
Space

Colorado

699704BR

Basic Qualifications

Bachelor's degree or higher from an accredited college in computer science, software engineering, electrical/computer engineering or similar with at least 9 yrs experience
• Demonstrated experience in systems engineering, software development integration and/or testing
• Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills
• Experience with the full software development cycle
• Excellent organizational and communication skills, both written and oral
• Demonstrated ability to work in a collaborative team environment and to build consensus among peers and effective relationships with team members
• Active Secret clearance with ability and desire to obtain a Top Secret clearance which requires US Citizenship

Job Code/TitleE1074:Software Engineer Stf
Job Description

For over 60 years, the Fleet Ballistic Missile (FBM) team has supported the Navy’s mission to provide affordable and credible strategic defense. We offer unique career opportunities and challenges on a program with a rich history and exciting future. We help keep this nation and our allies secure. The FBM Program is experiencing significant growth and we need your expertise to deliver amazing new technologies to our customers while maintaining the technical requirements of the strategic deterrence.
Are you willing to join a team to help solve challenges in a team environment using your Software Engineering background and experience? This position needs an experienced, skilled engineer in the areas of flight software design.
As a Software Engineer for the FBM Reentry Avionics Team, you will:
• Develop, Build and Test flight software in C
• Create software requirements and ensure documentation and code output fulfills those requirements
• Review software data from production tests and assist with troubleshooting (Python, MATLAB, C)
• Integrate with project management and systems engineering
• Provide technical leadership in software and computer engineering

Desired skills

Experience with embedded, aerospace and/or spacecraft flight software development and release
• Experience with RTOS such as VxWorks or RTEMS
• Ability to work within multiple programming languages, operating systems, and development environments
• Previous or current Certified Product Engineer (CPE) or equivalent responsible product engineer experience

#LMSpaceSoftwareEng

Other Important Information

By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.

Ability to work remotely

Onsite Full-time: The work associated with this position will be performed onsite at a designated Lockheed Martin facility.

Select the Telework classification for this positionEmployee will work on-site full-time
Shift

First

Work Schedule Information

Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.

Work Schedule9x80 every other Friday off
Security Clearance Information

This position requires a government security clearance, you must be a US Citizen for consideration.

Security ClearanceTop Secret
LMCareers Business Unit

SPACE

ProgramFBM Reentry
Department

72D1A00:Embedded Cross LOB

Job ClassSoftware Engineering
Job Category

Experienced Professional

City, StateLittleton-CO
City

Littleton

Zip80125
Virtual

no

Relocation/Housing Stipend AvailablePossible
Req Type

Full-Time

Direct/IndirectDirect
*

At Lockheed Martin, we use our passion for purposeful innovation to help keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work.

With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel, develop, and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. We place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering an inclusive environment built upon integrity and corporate responsibility.

If this sounds like a culture you connect with, you’re invited to apply for this role. Or, if you are unsure whether your experience aligns with the requirements of this position, we encourage you to search on Lockheed Martin Jobs, and apply for roles that align with your qualifications.

EEO

Lockheed Martin is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified candidates will be considered without regard to legally protected characteristics.
The application window will close in 90 days; applicants are encouraged to apply within 5 - 30 days of the requisition posting date in order to receive optimal consideration.

National Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in California and New York (excluding most major metropolitan areas), Colorado, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey, Vermont, Washington or Washington DC is $109,200 - $192,510. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer. Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays. (Washington state applicants only) Non-represented full-time employees: accrue at least 10 hours per month of Paid Time Off (PTO) to be used for incidental absences and other reasons; receive at least 90 hours for holidays. Represented full time employees accrue 6.67 hours of Vacation per month; accrue up to 52 hours of sick leave annually; receive at least 96 hours for holidays. PTO, Vacation, sick leave, and holiday hours are prorated based on start date during the calendar year. This position is incentive plan eligible.

Premium Pay Statement

Pay Rate: The annual base salary range for this position in most major metropolitan areas in California and New York is $125,600 - $217,695. For states not referenced above, the salary range for this position will reflect the candidate’s final work location. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer. Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays. This position is incentive plan eligible.